[Nagisa] Mr. Koumora would
be advisor to both clubs?
Yes, we were thinking, I mean,
we watched yesterday's match
with intensity,
and then after the match the
three of us got together and
talked it over.
That's when we thought our two
clubs could share an advisor.
I don't think Mr. Koumora would
be opposed to the idea.
If it's all right with you.
This is great, Nagisa!
[Ryou] Now we can finally revive
the the Drama Club.
[Nagisa] Yeah.
[Nagisa] It's not gonna work.
[Tomoya] What?! Why not?!
We have everything we need,
don't we?
[Nagisa] They said that
the school doesn't allow
concurrent advisors.
There's a rule that we can't
have club activities without
an advisor present,
and since Mr. Koumora's already
busy with the Choir Club we
would have to alternate days.
Did you tell them you'd
be okay with that?
I tried, but they... they said
there is no precedent so...
Augh! I swear, the student
council at this school
is nothing but a bunch of stuck
up bureaucrats!
[Tomoya] Nagisa!
[Kotomi] Nagisa?!
[Ryou] Nagisa?
[Kyou] Nagisa!
Nagisa! What's wrong, Nagisa?
Thanks for taking care
of her, we appreciate it.
It's fine, she's our friend
after all.
[Ryou] Her parents seemed really
nice. Didn't they?
[Kotomi] They said Nagisa will
have to stay home from school
for a while.
I'm really worried about her.
Even if we do get an advisor,
without a manager,
the Drama Club will have
to go on hiatus.
You know, this is the second
time you've helped Nagisa
out like this.
Thanks.
No, I just...
I...
...didn't do anything.
[Tomoyo] Okazaki, it's morning!
You're gonna be late.
Good morning, Okazaki.
Aah!
Tomoyo!
What are you doing here?!
I stopped by to wake you up
so you won't be late for
school, of course.
[Tomoya] But you came all the
way to my house?!
It's on the way to school, so
it's not like it's any trouble.
Besides, if I can help a friend
make it to class on time then
it's worth it.
I couldn't tell you yesterday,
so I just stopped by. Did I
really surprise you?
Damn straight you did! You can't
just barge into someone's house
unannounced!
I did nothing of the sort, I got
permission from your father
before I came in.
Are you saying you met my dad?
That's right. What? Is there
something wrong with that?
It's nothing.
Forget I mentioned it.
[Tomoya] Let go of my arm!
[Tomoyo] No way, if I let go,
you'll run away.
Why are you picking on me?
Lots of other guys are to school
too, you know!
Oh yeah? Like who?
What do you want? What do you
want?! [whimpering]
[Tomoyo] Actually I'm just here
at Okazaki's request.
[Tomoya] I thought you'd like
to share in the joy
of being woken up by a pretty
girl, that's all.
He keeps his room
pretty neat, huh?
Huh? Oh. What's this?
[Youhei] [screams] Don't look!
[Tomoyo] Oh a porno mag.
Leave my stuff alone!
Well, you're a guy,
so it's no surprise.
[Youhei] I hate you!
[Tomoyo] No need to
be embarrassed.
[Youhei] Shut up! I don't want
to hear it!
[Tomoyo] It's a natural part
of adolescence.
We made it in time after all.
See ya later.
Let's have lunch together again.
Don't forget, okay?
[Tomoya] Wow this is pretty
fancy for boxed lunch.
[Ryou] My sister put it all
together this morning.
It almost looks too beautiful
to eat, doesn't it?
Mm. It's good.
I knew you'd think so.
My sister's cooking is in a
class of its own.
Here's yours, Botan.
[Kyou] Eat up.
[Botan] Boi boi!
Hey come on, you two,
squeeze in closer.
We need to make room
for the food, you know.
[Tomoya] Hey!
[Kyou] Now that I look at it,
[Kyou] you two actually make
a pretty cute couple.
[Kyou] Right, Botan?
[Botan] Boi boi!
[Candidate] I swear to you here
and now, that if I am elected
[Tomoya] Future plans?
[Candidate] Student Council
President, I will double the
[Kyou] Yeah, like what are you
planing to do after graduation?
[Candidate] offerings on
the school lunch menu!
[Kyou] Oh come on. You're
kidding me, right?
[Candidate] In your daily
battles for food
[Kyou] You're a senior and you
haven't even thought about this?
[Candidate contiues speech]
[Tomoya] Come back to me later.
What about you two?
[Candidate contiues speech]
[Kyou] It might sound
strange but,
[Kyou] I was thinking of
becoming a kindergarten teacher
[Ryou] As for me, I was
considering nursing school.
Huh.
See you later! Thanks for lunch.
Don't forget, tomorrow it's
Ryou's turn to make lunch
for us.
So look forward to it, okay?
What are you doing just
standing there?
Hurry up and follow him.
[Ryou] Hey, are you sure
about this?
[KYou] About what?
[Ryou] I don't know, I just...
I feel bad for Nagisa.
Listen, Tomoya said himself that
he and Nagisa weren't going
out or anything.
There's no reason for you
to hold back.
If you keep hesitating like that
you're gonna end up losing him
to that Tomoyo girl.
Are you okay with that?
[school bell rings]
I gotta go. See ya.
[Ryou] Kyou, I...
[Ryou] I'm sorry.
So Nagisa couldn't make it, huh?
Feels lonely without her.
You're gonna go visit her
today, right?
Let me come along too.
She might not want
me there everyday.
I don't want to wear
out my welcome.
I'd rather just give her some
time to rest.
Okazaki, tell me the truth, do
you and Nagisa have a thing
going on or not?
How many times do I have
to tell you?
I'm not looking for
a girlfriend.
Oh? Why not?
[both] Ah!
Wait. Why not what?
Why don't you want a girlfriend?
Of course.
You don't make a decision
like that unless you have
a good reason.
You should know.
You've seen my dad.
I'm a good-for-nothing
delinquent and on top of that
my home situation
is a total mess.
As things are now, I'm not fit
to have a girlfriend.
If you say so, but your dad
looked nice to me.
Whatever, now that we've met
up, we might as well walk
home together.
You don't trust me to walk
home by myself?!
Sounds great! Let me tag
along too.
[Tomoyo] I don't remember
inviting you.
I hate to break it to you, but
when you invite Okazaki,
you invite me too.
[Youhei] I have to make a stop
on the way back, so keep me
company, okay?
Damnit! She beat
us to it this time!
Why'd you have to come
to a place like this?
[quietly] You'll find out
soon enough.
[boys laughing]
It gets better.
Ah! Sakagami?!
[Delinquent 2] What are you
doing here?!
[Delinquent 3] Oh damn, run!
[Tomoyo] Well now you know.
They hate me here.
They all treat me like some
kind of monster.
So the rumors that you use to
beat up troublemakers turned
out to be true after all.
That was ages ago.
[Delinquen 5] Oh no!
It's Sakagami!
[Youhei chuckles quietly]
[quietly] That was
a dirty trick.
[quietly] Those guys are always
harassing me.
I couldn't let this chance go
to waste. That was great!
It was totally worth it.
Sunohara, will you hurry
and finish up
whatever you need to do here?
I'm ready to leave to now.
Actually this isn't the place
we needed to go,
we just happened to pass
through here on the way
to someplace else.
[Youhei] Huh?!
[Tomoya] Keep your mouth shut.
Just play along or I'll tell her
why you really dragged
her out here.
Anything but that!
I see, so you just wanted to
come to this coffee shop?
[Tomoya] And guess what?
All of this is Sunohara's treat.
See? He's not such a bad
friend after all.
Mhm! And from now on, you
can consider me a friend
too. Okay, Sunohara?
Yeah, it would be my pleasure.
You know, it's always been
his dream to bring a girl
to this place.
[Tomoyo] Really?
[Tomoyo] Thanks for earlier.
[Tomoya] For what?
[Tomoyo] You knew I didn't want
to stay there,
so you said something
to bail me out, right?
[Tomoya] Not really, I wasn't
too keen on staying
there myself.
[Tomoyo] Okazaki...
Unlike before, I've made a lot
of good friends at school
this year.
And today, I really enjoyed
being with you and Sunohara too.
Or rather, I really enjoyed
being with you, I mean.
Glad I didn't dissapoint.
[Tomoyo] See you tomorrow.
Good morning, Okazaki.
[Tomoya] [sleepy groan] Hi...
[Tomoyo] Looks like you're
still half-asleep.
You're making a pretty
funny face.
I know. How about I do this and
make it even funnier?
[Tomoya] What the hell
are you doing?!
I'm waking you up.
You should be grateful.
[Tomoya] Don't tell me you plan
on doing this every day?
Of course. Aren't you happy?
To tell you the truth,
it's more of an imposition.
[Tomoya] Hey, no need to be shy.
We're all friends here.
[Tomoyo] I wasn't planning on
coming but Okazaki insisted
that I wake you too.
I hope you're grateful.
[Youhei] And underclassman wakes
an upperclassman from his
peacefull slumber and
expects gratitude for it?!
You're a real stickler for
social ranking, huh?
You think some half assed
apology will get you off, huh?
[Tomoyo] Who said I was
apologizing?
You know, up close, you've got a
pretty nice body. I can dig it.
[Tomoya] This guy's doomed
to be the sidekick for the rest
of his life.
So you're interested in my
body, are you?
If you beg me on your hands and
knees, then maybe I'll let you
touch me.
For real?!
So what's it gonna be?
[Youhei] I'm begging you!
[Tomoya] That's too pathetic.
Good boy. Now get your reward.
[Youhei] What's this?
[Tomoyo] The hand's an important
part of the body, right?
[Youhei] Alright! That's it
you've pissed me off for
the last time!
[Youhei] I'm gonna die!
Is it just me, or did he say
something while I was
kicking him?
He said, "Awesome."
I should have known.
What a freak.
Boi boi!
Wow. You actually came.
Yeah of course. I promised,
didn't I?
[Ryou clears her throat]
[Ryou] I made the boxed
lunchs for us today.
Uh, of course Kyou gave
me some pointers.
[Kyou] She really outdid
herself, so savor the
flavor, okay?
I'll do my best. Anyway,
I appreciate it.
[Botan] Boi!
[Kyou] Hey, Botan, watch
your manners!
[Botan] Boi!
[Ryou] I'm sorry. I should have
tasted it first. I don't know
what I was thinking.
Hey don't worry about it. If
nothing else I thought the
spring rolls were great.
Do you really mean it?
I was so worried.
Poi!
Thank goodness you're all right.
Well guys, I'm going
to the front gate
to take Botan outside. See ya!
[Ryou] Kyou, wait!
[Yukine] Is something
troubling you?
[Tomoya] I don't know if I would
say "troubling".
Just the other day I was reading
a spell book that has just the
solution you might be
looking for.
Would you like to try it?
There. Got it. What's next?
[Yukine] Let's see. Now you put
another ten-yen coin on top of
that one.
Are you kidding? There's no way.
[Yukine] The book says you have
to, otherwise the spell
won't work.
Huh? I did it!
After stacked all the coins,
chant "Bita funi kousoku iita"
three times.
Bita funi kousoku iita.
What's this supose to do anyway?
[Yukine] It's a spell to be
locked in the gym storage
with a girl,
just the two of you that is.
Think of someone and it will
come true.
I would say Nagisa but she's
absent so that won't work.
Kyou?
I guess Kyou would be okay.
Whatever. It's not like this
is for real or anything.
If you change your mind, there's
a way to break the spell.
All you have to do is take off
your shirt and chant
"Noroi nante henoheno kappa"
three times.
[Tomoya] Not interested.
Come on, you've got all
these books,
can't you teach me
something useful?
I'd be more than happy to
give a bit of advice,
but you have to tell me what
your problem is first.
When you put it that way
I'm not sure where to start.
Oh, I know...
What do you think about our
student council?
[Yukine] I think they're very
devoted to their work,
but as a result I feel they can
be a bit unreasonable at times.
[Tomoya] Yeah, I agree, I don't
see why they can't approve this
whole advisor thing.
But on the bright side, the
policies will probably change
once the new officers
are chosen.
The student council elections
are right around the corner,
you know.
Right! The elections!
That's right! If Tomoyo is
elected as student council
president
the problem will be solved.
Come on Nagisa, get well soon.
I've got good news for you!
[Kyou] Ah, Tomoya!
Grab that ball for me,
will you?
[Kyou] P.E. class ran long
today, so the other students
took off in a hurry.
Since they're all gone it's my
job to clean up.
[Tomoya] That's fine, but why
do I have to help?
[Kyou] This is the least you can
do. You shouldn't complain to
the girl who feeds you everyday.
Looks like someone left the
storage room open.
[Kyou] H-Hey!
[Tomoya] What's wrong?
The door won't open.
It locks automaticaly when
you close it.
So we're stuck.
[Tomoya] Forgive me!
What are you apologizing for?
[Kyou] Did you plan this?!
What's the big idea?
L-Listen, you better not try
anything funny!
You hear me?
I can't believe you're
saying that!
H-Hey!
[Kyou] We can't!
How can I put this?
I- I mean, it's not like we're
even going out or anything.
Besides, what about Ryou?
Just stop right there! Listen!
Please, just think this over for
a second. I know you're a guy,
so you probably want to do these
kinds of things,
but you can't just force
yourself on someone, the
feelings have to be mutual,
and I- I can't betray Ryou.
I said hold on, damnit!
This was an accident! I didn't
think that stupid spell would
actually work!
[Kyou] Huh?
[Tomoya] I'm talking about the
spell that locked the two of us
in the gym!
It really worked!
[Tomoya] Don't look at me like
I'm crazy!
[Kyou] Even if it did work, who
would come up with such a
ridiculous spell?!
Don't ask me, I feel the
same way!
Wait a sec, why would you pick
me to be locked up with?
[Tomoya] You just came to mind.
I wasn't thinking!
I see, so what you're saying is,
if you had to be locked up with
someone, I'm your first choice?
Huh?
[Tomoya] Damn, I don't like
where this is headed.
You must know.
It's obvious, isn't it?
Why I keep inviting you to have
lunch with Ryou, I mean.
It's not just cause I want
to hang out.
[Tomoya] Well, I have an idea.
And yet you still chose me.
[Tomoya] Yeah, but I didn't mean
it like that.
Don't just stand there.
Say something!
I didn't mean anything by
picking you, I promise!
[Kyou] Tomoya, would you rather
Ryou just leave you alone?
[Tomoya] N-No, I wouldn't
say that.
Well, in that case...
[Tomoya] That's it!
[Kyou] What is it?!
Don't think about anything else,
just leave this to me!
Tomoya, wait!
Y-You aren't serious?!
I'm dead serious!
I don't need to think this over!
But what about Ryou? And
besides, I- I really don't know
how this kind of stuff works.
This is my first time.
It's my first time too,
but leave everything to me.
D- Don't give me such a
serious look, I... I...
Turn around for a sec. I need to
take off my shirt, 'kay?
Huh? Oh, okay.
Noroi nante henoheno kappa.
Noroi nante henoheno kappa!
Kyou, are you in here?
The teacher's been calling
for you.
Wait. What are you doing?
[Kyou] Um... nothing...
[Tomoya] Well, I'm glad
we finally got out.
[nervous laugh] To tell
you the truth,
I was starting to get
worried there for a second.
But anyway, I'm really sorry.
I guess I was starting to act
a little strange in there.
Let's pretend this never
happened, okay?
No, don't feel bad. I'm the
one to blame here.
[Girl] Kyou!
Guess I better get going.
I'll see you tomorrow!
See ya.
[Tomoyo] Okazaki!
Want to walk home together?
You didn't have to look so
surprised, it was just me.
I wanted to ask you...
How's the big campaign for
student council coming along?
Why are you so curious suddenly?
Actually, if you were elected
studen council president,
I was hoping I could
ask you for a favor.
What's going on?
[Tomoya] The guys from before!
[Delinquent 1] Just 'cause you
took us out before,
doesn't give you the right to
come struting around our turf.
[Delinquent 2] But if you're
looking for a fight, then
you've got one!
Okazaki, you better stay back.
No way! If you get in a fight,
in front of the school
you'll blow your chances
in the election.
Tomoyo don't!
You can't reason with
these people.
Fuko has arrived!
Finally, the time has come to
unleash the invincible power
of the starfish heat!
Ready? Starfish Heat!
Prepare yourself, for I,
the great Fuko,
have hidden adorable little
starfish wood carvings all
throughout the school.
Now, now, I made more than
enough for everyone so there's
no need to panic just yet.
However, the truly devoted
starfish collectors had better
be prepared to search hard.
The starfish carvings with my
autograph are especially
well hidden.
That being said,
Starfish Heat, go!
You see, now their minds will
be filled with the thoughts
of the starfish.
They'll be so obsessed with
finding them that they'll
forget all about you!
Huh?! They don't want the
starfish at all?
The plan failed?!
So, um, is it okay
if I leave now?
Go ahead.
Excuse me.
What was that all about?
Feels like I've seen her
somewhere before.
[Youhei] Wow. In a situation
this desperate, even a cat's
help would be welcome.
Desperate enough for a cat, huh?
Actually I'd perfer the
cat to him.
Don't say that, after all,
yesterday's rival can become
tomorrow's friend.
Actually, you're more like a
punching bag than a rival.
Hey, I hold my own against
Tomoyo!
[Tomoyo] Okay fine, so what
were you saying?
As I was saying,
Tomoyo and I may be
[Youhei] bitter rivals most
of the time.
[Tomoya] Yeah we got that part,
now hurry up and to the point.
but when a challenger comes
from another school, we become
comrades in arms!
You'll just get in the way.
I promise I won't be a burden
just humor me!
Do you assholes want to fight
or just do comedy all day?!
Screw this! Let's murder
those punks!
[Delinquents] Yeah!
Crap! Leave the rest to me!
Hey, I'm on your side, remember?
I couldn't tell you
apart. Sorry!
She's so hardcore she even beats
up her friends!
This is looking bad.
We better bail!
Tomoyo!
HEEEEEY!
Oh crap! Run away!
[Oogami] What the hell's
going on here?!
Okazaki, you again, huh?
No sir, the truth is I'm...
[Tomoya] That's right,
I'm the one who started it!
The girl there had nothing
at all to do with this.
You got a bad record already.
This time you'll probably
be suspended.
Be prepared for that!
Okazaki...
[Ryou] I see, so he took the
blame for Sakagami and was
suspended.
[Kyou] Morning, Tomoya! We
thought you might appreciate
a little snack.
[Botan] Boi boi!
[Kotomi] I thought Tomoya must
be hungry with no one to cook
for him.
Make up your mind already.
Wait a second, are you telling
me that was the only reason
you transferred to this school?
This place holds special
memories for me.
That's why I have to protect it.